# Project Constraints

For this project, our team discovered that there are some financial limitations, and  we intend to use any free or open-source tools when we can.  We plan on using open-source APIs for pulling team and player data into our database. Some leagues, such as the NBA, offer an open-source API, however for some leagues we plan to use a 3rd party open-source API due to our financial limitations. We are also financially limited for hosting our website and database, so we are currently comparing costs between tools such as AWS and Azure, as well as other tools that offer student discounts/credits to determine which resource would best match our budget.   

Although financial restrictions may restrict the functionality of our project, we still believe it will have a great impact on our professional development.  Creating a full-stack web application is a great opportunity to learn new skills in areas such as database management and SQL while improving on areas that we already have experience in from our past co-op opportunities and courses. This project will allow us to gain and improve on skills that are important for full-stack development. Additionally, successfully delivering this project will allow us to gain confidence in our abilities and will be a great addition to our resumes for my job search.   

When dealing with player and team data from different sports leagues we will need to consider any legal restrictions that these leagues have on using their data. Some leagues, such as the MLB, have very strict policy when it comes to the rights to their digital property, so when finding open-source APIs for each league we will need to ensure that these tools comply with their respective leagues usage policies.   
